# most_active_cookies

This repository contains two main files -- `most_active_cookie.py` and `cookie_app_tester.py`. 

The file `most_active_cookie.py` is a program written in Python that calculates the most active cookie(s) on a given date from a CSV file with a format of (cookie, timestamp written in YYYY-MM-DD-HR-MIN-SEC-TimezoneInfo). 
The most active cookie(s) are printed onto the console in no specified order, and if a certain date queried has no cookies i.e. doesn't exist on the CSV, 
a statement stating that there is no cookies on the specified date will be printed.

The second file `cookie_app_tester.py` is a tester file created via the Python's `unittest` library.
This tester utilizes random number generators and parameters/arguments to create a test data set, a query, and a solution to the test set. 
This also transforms the test data set into a CSV file passed onto `main_active_cookie.py` together with the queried date.
The tests vary the size of a data set, up to 500,000 different cookies, test for multiple cookies being the most active cookie for a queried date, test for non-existent queries (querying a date that doesn't exist in the CSV file), as well as combinations of the aforementioned tests.
Finally, there is an iterative tester that tests for all cases mentioned above multiple times, with the default being 5 times. 

`simple_test.csv` is a sample simple test CSV file, and `test.csv` is a CSV file generated by the tester.

## Usage

Make sure python3 is installed in your local environment as well as the packages specified in `requirements.txt`.

The CLI takes two arguments: 

  * The CSV file or CSV file path
  * `-d` followed by the date, in YYYY-MM-DD

Example: 

`python most_active_cookie.py test.csv -d 2018-12-09`

Additionally, test suite may be run using an IDE like Pycharm or by using the following command to run all available tests:

`python cookie_app_tester.py`

